build: release Lotus Node and Miner v1.34.1 (#13342)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

> # Node and Miner v1.34.1 / 2025-09-15
> 
> This is a **critical patch release** that fixes an issue with the v1.34.0 release where the incorrect version of filecoin-ffi was included.
> 
> ## 🔧 Bug Fixes
> 
> - **Critical Fix**: Updated filecoin-ffi from v1.34.0-dev to the stable v1.34.0 release
>   - This ensures the inclusion of ref-fvm v4.7.3 update that was missing in v1.34.0
>   - All users of v1.34.0 should upgrade to v1.34.1 immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node and Miner v1.34.1 / 2025-09-15

This is a non-critical patch release that fixes an issue with the Lotus `v1.34.0` release where the incorrect version of filecoin-ffi was included.  Lotus `v1.34.0` used filecoin-ffi `v1.34.0-dev` when it should have used `v1.34.0`.  This isn’t critical since it’s the same filecoin-ffi version used during the nv27 Calibration network upgrade, but for consistency with other Node implementations like Forest, we are creating this release.  This ensures the inclusion of ref-fvm `v4.7.3` update that was missing in v1.34.0.  All users of v1.34.0 are encouraged to upgrade to v1.34.1.
```
